OCPBUGS-98160: Document dynamic memory for CNF latency test pods (#114935)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-measuring-latency.adoc

|Specifies the amount of time in seconds after which the test starts running. You can use the variable to allow the CPU manager reconcile loop to update the default CPU pool. The default value is 0.

|`LATENCY_TEST_CPUS`
|Specifies the number of CPUs that the pod running the latency tests uses. If you do not set the variable, the default configuration includes all isolated CPUs. When `LATENCY_TEST_MEMORY` is unset, this value is also used to calculate the default memory request and limit for the latency test pod.

|`LATENCY_TEST_MEMORY`

> |Specifies the memory request and limit for the pod that runs the latency tests. If you do not set the variable, the test sets the memory to the greater of `32Mi` multiplied by `LATENCY_TEST_CPUS`, or `1Gi`. To override the calculated value, set `LATENCY_TEST_MEMORY` to a valid Kubernetes quantity greater than `0`, for example `2Gi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies the memory request and limit for the pod that runs the latency tests. If you do not set the variable, the test allocates 32Mi of memory per `LATENCY_TEST_CPUS`, with a minimum of 1Gi. To override the calculated value, set `LATENCY_TEST_MEMORY` to a valid Kubernetes quantity greater than `0`, for example `2Gi`.
```
